add new vignette on ards (#613)
GSK-Biostatistics/tfrmt: vignettes/ard.Rmd

-   **Reusability**: Once created, an ARD can be reused for future reporting needs, eliminating the need for repetitive data processing.

-   **No Layout Description**: The ARD focuses on the data itself, not on the visual layout of tables or figures. This means you can use the data to generate reports in various formats.

### How to Create an ARD

We recommend using the **cards** package to create your ARDs. For more details, visit the [cards documentation](https://insightsengineering.github.io/cards/latest-tag/index.html).

If you’re new to ARDs or the cards package, check out [ARDs and Cards Workshop Notes](https://www.danieldsjoberg.com/ARD-RinPharma-workshop-2024/slides/01-intro-cards/#/title-slide).

For information on the **Analysis Results Standard (ARS)**, visit this [CDISC Webinar on ARS](https://www.cdisc.org/events/webinar/analysis-results-standard-public-review).

## Dataset Structure and Column Requirements

We expect a long-format dataset, with one record per computed value.

Required columns are as follows:

-   **[Optional] Grouping columns**: One or more columns containing grouping values.

-   **Label column**: A single column containing row label values.

> -   **Column value columns**: One or more columns containing the values for each column in your dataset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   **Column value columns**: One or more columns containing the values defining each column in your table. These are essentially additional grouping variables. 
```
